All right, let's walk in showing the comments for the admin.
Let's start from admin and then later we implement this to other users as well.
So at the moment comments.
Oh, I guess for some reason we had this admin comment, let's visit that.
So the client base is admin.
Add min and then comments.
All right so comments we don't have let me visit the in the now.
And now let's see what we have here.
And this last comment.
I mean, and don't have the common space.
I wonder how this one's coming up.
Go for it.
I mean, that's the ad.
That's the one that's being rendered.
All right, let's create a new folder.
Comment and said here this could a new file and experiences.
So here we can show all the comments and allow the admin to update and delete as 0 seconds comments
equals two that screwed this function.
Return div comments are considered included like the export default comments.
Okay.
So we've got that.
Got the right base.
Now, what do we need here?
Is this like we had in other bases?
We need the basic layout of the common imports, so probably I can go to post index.
So here again, this looks pretty neat.
Let's, let's grab this put let's get everything and just paste in our comments index just so that it
is easier to, you know, so that we don't spend time writing the import in.
So we need the context so you can leave that the post actually let's start from the name.
Firstly change the name to comments.
Comments.
All right, so let's leave the imports for now.
Let's leave it like that.
Post context.
We don't need that post list with a need that again.
So here in the context, we can access us.
We can.
The pay's.
Post.
Let's remove that tweet.
And in the post, the state.
So the state we need we can have this keyword, we can implement the service.
So he appears.
So the comments have the presence.
And so we should be sending the basic context is it is NC use state to give the default value of one.
And this is something we already did before for post post based.
All right.
So that's the goal.
We inc best here too.
It's not something new.
We only tried.
This is comment.
We do store the comments.
We can create the state comment set comments to use state materi.
Now when we working on the business and not only pairs, we need to know the total, right?
So we have the root, the endpoint in the back end that will give us the total.
So total state total equals to use state give the different values zero keyword.
And then let's also add one more for loading columns.
The default value of fonts.
All right so we got the state pays total that will be used for pagination comment to store all the comments
learning and then keyword to later printed comments.
All right now what we want to do first thing is when the component mounts, when our user lantern displays,
we want to fade all the comments from the back end, right?
So here you can see paste post and sort of that we call it fits.
Comments.
Yeah, I guess.
Let's see.
This first name, first comment equals two posts.
This one we call it just comments.
Right.
And we applied the is admin middleware.
So that means the admin should be able to access all the comments as long as we're sending the token,
make sure we have the token first before making a request.
I guess a set.
Comments.
Sid comments.
And I think we do need this.
We just need to do.
All right, so face the comments and then we don't implement edit for admin because admin if you find
some comments that should be deleted, he can delete.
But object is not something we implement for admin.
Instant update we will implement for the other users.
If they created the comment then they will be able to update I guess to handle delete.
Now let me.
Let me just come back to this one.
Let me just delete all this from I will come back to it.
And then here in the layout, you can see what you want to do is we want to show the comment.
So
add new let's remove that button.
So you're heading we can saw the comments and how many comments we have still comments length.
Comments and the search later.
We can use this and leave it like that.
We copied this from post so it's useful.
That's good post list.
No, we can have that.
Instead we can use the list component to show the list of comments to right here.
So here, let me for the moment just use positions three, five comments.
No, for I just want to have a look at the comments before we do anything new.
All right.
So post 922.
Well, I still don't have that.
I guess we have we still have the post here that should be comment.
So we drop on this later anyways.
So here you can see beautiful to have this source while we have the comments.
We have material at the moment that meant we're not getting any comments for whatever reason.
Excuse.
Get comments on some long
comments.
Let's have a look.
So four, four days not found for four months is not found.
Comments.
So let me have a look away.
We getting that is good to so take the round post round.
Okay.
Sorry.
So we should be sending the base as well.
But I did.
So let's try.
So we make a get request to stress comment that she's back takes comments.
Plus we need to send the based.
All right?
No.
It's good comment.
You still don't have.
Three or four.
Okay.
So I had a look at this.
The error message that you can see here, we are getting this error skip value must be greater than
zero.
We we got minus five for some reason.
So what let's have a look in the to make a request here.
Let's go to.
Controllers post.
Skip.
Okay.
So what?
Okay, so Bayes minus one.
That is one block.
So let's put them in the parenthesis, I guess a place minus one multiplied by puppis.
I think that was the issue.
All right.
So let's fix that with that.
Let's give it a try.
Beautiful.
Now we get all the comments.
One, two, three, four.
We got four or five comments.
We should be creative.
We should create some more so that we can see how the business works as well.
But it's great we have the comments.
Why don't we try to arrange them as well?
So now that we have a list of comments, limits, comment there now.
So all these comments here.
Instead of distance, Schaffer.